Add Rails extensions posts (#242)
andycroll/andycroll.com: _posts/2026/2026-03-03-with-options-group-shared-config.md

## Instead of...

...repeating conditions across multiple validations:

```ruby
class Article < ApplicationRecord
  validates :title, presence: true, if: :published?
  validates :body, length: { minimum: 100 }, if: :published?
  validates :author, presence: true, if: :published?
end
```

## Use...

...the `with_options` method to group common configurations:

```ruby
class Article < ApplicationRecord
  with_options if: :published? do
    validates :title, presence: true
    validates :body, length: { minimum: 100 }
    validates :author, presence: true
  end
end
```

Works well in controllers too:

```ruby
class AdminController < ApplicationController
  with_options only: [:edit, :update] do
    before_action :require_admin
    before_action :set_audit_trail
  end
end
```

And associations:

```ruby
class User < ApplicationRecord
  with_options dependent: :destroy do
    has_many :posts
    has_many :comments
    has_many :likes
  end
end
```

## Why?

`with_options` merges the given options into every method call inside the block. In the validation example, `if: :published?` gets added to each `validates` call automatically.

> Groups related configurations visually—it's immediately clear these rules only apply to published articles. Change the condition once, not three times.

Reviewer: This sentence starts like the beginning of a bullet point, but it's not a bullet point.

Author: ```suggestion
This syntax groups related configuration visually—it's immediately clear these rules only apply to published articles. If you have to change the condition; it is only once, not three times.
```

> Works in routes too:

Reviewer: Same here.

Author: ```suggestion
This also works in `routes.rb` too:
```
